`azurerm_kubernetes_cluster` - deprecate `public_network_access_enabled` (#22478)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/kubernetes_cluster.html.markdown

-> **Note:** Enabling this option will allocate Workload Identity resources to the `kube-system` namespace in Kubernetes. If you wish to customize the deployment of Workload Identity, you can refer to [the documentation on Azure AD Workload Identity.](https://azure.github.io/azure-workload-identity/docs/installation/mutating-admission-webhook.html) The documentation provides guidance on how to install the mutating admission webhook, which allows for the customization of Workload Identity deployment.

* `public_network_access_enabled` - (Optional) Whether public network access is allowed for this Kubernetes Cluster. Defaults to `true`. 

> !> **Note:** `public_network_access_enabled` is not functional and will not be passed to the Azure API.

Reviewer: We should provide some more context and pointers to the user here.

```suggestion
!> **Note:** `public_network_access_enabled` is currently not functional and is not passed to the Azure API. For further information please see this [issue](https://github.com/Azure/AKS/issues/3690). For controlling the public and private exposure of a cluster please see the properties `private_cluster_enabled` and `api_server_access_profile`.
```
